= Self Introduction =
This is my great honor to introduce myself here.

My name is LiuBoyu graduated from University of Electronic Science of Tenhnology of China, UESTC for short, majored in Comunication Engerning. And now I am attending graduate School in SouthEast University majored in Integreted Circuit.

I am very interested in Internet technologies, so I learn the web knowledge by myself in my spare time such as Java, database, javascript and so on. 
In order to learn this skills better, I went to a company for practice which was developing a brand new product,a Human Resource Managment System. I was mainly took part in the privilelge system development. 
In my 9 month internship, I learned many interesting skills such as Jquery, EasyUI which is a frame toolkit base on jquery, Spring, Mybatis and so on. I feel my improvment not only in skills and technonology but also in teamworks and the thoughts to my career planning.

Now I am here to apply the position of java develop engeer because I think this is good platform for me to improve myself and I have the ability to make contribution to help this platform better.

Thank you.

== What is your greatest strength? ==
I feel I am self-motivated man. I have strong will and good ability to learn new things. When I decide to learn something, I will always find opportunities to use them in practice. Because I think the best way to learn something is to learn it from both books and practice.

For example, when I learn git, I use git to manage my project, my docments, my resumes. I pretend I am cooperating with the me in lab, the me in dormitory even the me yesterday.

When I learn vim, I use vimwiki to take notes. When I learn Latex, I use it to write reports and resume.

== Career Plan ==
I think as a software engineer, the accumulation of knowledge and skills is really important. Anyone switch jobs or technology directions frenquently will lose some of his accumulation. I think it is bad for his self-improvement. So in my opinion, I will stick on one position for several years to improve my technology and skills and then to decide what is the next step I will take.
